  SUPERMUSK ($SUPERM)  WHITEPAPER 
  
  INTRODUCTION  
  The SUPERMUSK  started with the observations of one of its founders that a vast number of features that are taken for granted  in modern day applications are not as ubiquitous within the DeFi space. 
  Machine learning systems managing data and user preference sutilized in major web applications such as youtube, Instagram, amazon, in the meantime can be found everywhere in their companybased counterparts.   
  The application of machine learning algorithms alongside the blockchain technology is the logical solution to creating a better costomer experience as it enables the natural evolution of society in becoming more and more decentralized. 
  Decentralization should however not necessarily mean the loss of the standard AI-based features everyone is used to and is so familiar with today. 
  This gap has motivated the founders to seek out more efficient ways to optimize the user’s experiencec within decentralized networks.   
  This has resulted in a brand new project aimed at bringing these features to the decentralized marketplace.   
  
  SUPERMUSK is globally popular and associated with the crypto world. 
  OUR BACKGROUND  
The background of the founders is mainly rooted in two areas of expertise, namely Finance and Data Science 
1) One of the founder has three years of work experience in the financial industry , as well as two years working as a data scientist and with machine learning models. 
Education-wise, they hold four degrees – one bachelor’s and three master’s- ranging from economics, to corporate finance, to investment management and financial engineering. 
They have also worked extensively as a full-stack web developer as of 2020, building e-commerce websites for shops in need of adapting to the Covid-19 crisis. 
This was vital for the shops as they were forced to close for extended periods at a time and were in need of an online presence to continue operating.   
2) Another founder’s main area of professional expertise is accounting and risk management. Education wise, they hold two degrees – one bachelor’s and one master’s – both related to accounting and finance. 
They also developed their interest and shills in t he data analytics field by building many projects in Python and Tableau as well as building their own cryptocurrency and blockchain with associated webapp in Flask.
PRE-SALE  
The pre-sale will be held on the Pinksale platform. Pinksale is preferred because it is decentralized and user-friendly. 
When the pre-sale date is finalized, an announcement will be made through official channels. Whitepaper version 2.0 will not include this part. 

TOKEN PROPERTIES:  
Name: SUPERMUSK 
Ticker: SUPERM 
Total Supply: 420.690.000.000.000 
Decimal:18  Tax: 0% - 0% 

OFFICIAL LINKS

Website: https://supermusk.me/  
Twitter: https://twitter.com/SuperMuskBSC  
Telegram: https://t.me/SuperMusk0  
Pre-sale page: [Will be added soon]  
Medium: [Will be added soon]  
Youtube: [Will be added soon]  
Instagram: [Will be added soon] 


DISCLAIMER 
This is an up to date document as the time of publishing. Please note information here in does not constitute investment 
advice and is for illustration purposes only. Please contact your financial advisor for any investment related advice and do your own due diligence.   
Upon purchasing MUSKY;  
you are agreeing that you are not purchains a security nor investment and you are agree to not hold the team liable for any potential losses or taxes you may incur, as you may have to check with your local 
authorities on the regulations regarding this type of purchase.   
Additionally, although we are not a registered digital currency, rather a community driven token, the team strongly recommends citizens in areas with government bans of Crpto to not make any purchases due to the fact 
that we as the team can not ensure compliance with your territory’s regulations. 
Always make sure you are in compliance with your local regulatory boards before making any purchase 
